I’m Joy Allen, and I’m a single sister,
and I’m in the first class
of the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
We’re just thrilled
at the idea of being invited.
Now, when they raised the age limit
and allowed us to apply,
we were just so thrilled.
Well, with the schools,
we’ve seen constant refinement
—from MTS
to BSCC to now the School
for Kingdom Evangelizers.
It’s become much more visual.
We have historic presentations
to help them with their spiritual heritage.
We have workshops that help them to see
how to really carry out
their ministry properly.
I feel better equipped
to be a Kingdom evangelizer.
Jehovah has really sat us down
and showed us how to do it.
So now I would like to express
that genuine care for people as well,
and just be patient and,
at the same time, be bold like Jehovah is.
I am so happy that single sisters
are being accepted to attend this school.
It is an amazing privilege
being able to see
so many different aspects
of Jehovah’s personality
with different class discussions.
Of course, this helped me as an evangelizer.
I feel the urgent need
to really go and preach.
Being selected to the first class of SKE
was really, really amazing to me.
Jehovah was listening to my prayers,
and he said, “OK, you can come.”
Living with our host family
has been like a home away from home.
It’s amazing how quickly
you can feel like you’re family
with somebody that you just met.
And they’ve gone out of their way
to make us feel comfortable
and make sure that we have what we need
so we could study
and get the most out of the course.
But it’s just been nice
to also have a friendship along the way.
I was nervous and anxious
because of English
not being my first language.
But all those worries, you know,
went away immediately.
The instructors are really loving and caring;
and classmates are cheering for each other,
supporting each other;
and Jehovah helped me through every step.
Proverbs 16:16
—the essence of it says
that wisdom and understanding
are better than silver and gold.
And the students came to school rich;
they had gold.
Some of them got it because they were raised
in the truth—it was handed to them.
Some gold they gleaned
from some surface study.
But what SKE did for the students
was that it taught them
how to mine for gold.
So when they leave the school,
they are delving into the Bible
as they have never dug into it before,
and that will sustain them
in any assignment they are given.
Oh, the students are ready
for their assignments, no doubt about that.
They are anxious to get to the field.
They really want to get out there
and apply what they have learned.
They want to “do the work of an evangelizer”
and “fully accomplish [their] ministry.”
We welcome you to class number one
of the revised curriculum,
and the name has been changed
to School for Kingdom Evangelizers,
which includes single brothers and sisters.
And this class has some single sisters
along with the couples.
So this is some history here.
I would recommend this school to anyone
who is in a position to accept it.
It will strengthen your bond with Jehovah
and with your brothers and sisters.
And it’s a beautiful gift
and provision
that he has made for all of us.
A school like this is evidence
(and we have almost
a dozen schools functioning
that are educating Jehovah’s Witnesses)
that we’re big about education,
but it’s divine education.
One thing we’ve learned is
that Jehovah can bless
more than we can sacrifice.
SKE is a beautiful manifestation
of Jehovah’s desire
to bless each and every one of us.
I highly encourage it.
Stay grateful
for the privilege you’ve enjoyed,
and set a good example.
Prove to yourselves
that you’re better ministers
than when you got here a couple of months ago
and that you’re better citizens
of the Kingdom now
because of your divine education.
First Corinthians 8:1
really helped us to see that this world today
may offer things,
but “knowledge puffs up.”
“Love builds up” in this course.
We’re built up;
we’re built up.
So I would say, “If you want,
come be built up by Jehovah.”